Miss Qin, we will get married on the 10th of next month.
You must come to participate
It was a dream
Maybe this relationship should have ended long ago
It's an offer from Horseshoe College, City of London
My design was approved.
It seems that even providence wants me to leave
Why is the doll hanging on the key missing?
Where will it be lost?
Lolo, why are you calling me here in such a hurry?
The online pendant Gu Sijun gave me is missing.
I think it might be lost here.
That pendant has been close to the body for four years
How could it fall?
Oops, let's talk about it again
If it really falls here
So how good does he bring you?
Can we still meet?
Miaomiao I
I've decided to give up.
Do you really want to give up after so many years?
Well, I can't find a reason to keep going.
And I received a letter from a foreign college over
Leave at the end of the month
So soon, you really thought about it.
Let's go get our stuff
How interesting do you say small things?
Door code
It has the same license plate number as his precious car
It's all 0814 and I don't know what it means.
It was my lunar birthday
But maybe it's a coincidence